Clarify binaryData handling by kubectl create and describe (#25986)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap.md

how.nice.to.look=fairlyNice
```

> Note that data sources that are not ASCII or UTF-8 will be put in the `binaryData` field of the configmap. Both text and binary data sources can be combined in one configmap, but the `binaryData` field is not displayed (as of kubectl 1.20) by `kubectl describe`. To see the `binaryData` in the configmap, you can use `kubectl get configmap -o json MAP_NAME`.

Reviewer: I'd write:
```suggestion
When `kubectl` creates a ConfigMap from inputs that are not ASCII or UTF-8, the tool puts these into the `binaryData` field of the ConfigMap, and not in `data`. Both text and binary data sources can be combined in one ConfigMap.
If you want to view the `binaryData` keys (and their values) in a ConfigMap, you can run `kubectl get configmap -o jsonpath='{.binaryData}' <name>`.
```
How does that sound?

Author: Fine by me!
